how to replace a tire pressure monitor
system sensor the tire pressure monitor
system or tpms sensor is a computerized
tire inflation valve that reads the air
pressure for the specific tire and sends
that information to the computer of the
vehicle one remove the valve core from
the TPMS sensor using the valve core
remover allow the tire to deflate to
remove the TPMS sensor grounded using
the ratchet and socket in some cases
there may be a washer under the grommet
three hope the valve of the TPMS sensor
into the rim of the tire the sensor will
automatically drop down to the bottom of
a tire as you break the beat down
normally with the tire machine four
break the beat of a tire on both sides
of the rim as you would with a normal
tire using the tire machine fine place
the tire on the turntable of the tire
machine and lock the rim to the
adjustable claws six lift the top bead
of a tire off of the rim reach inside
the tire and extract the TPMS sensor if
you're replacing the tire you can remove
the bottom bead from the rim otherwise
place the top bead of the tire back onto
the rim seven place the rubber gasket on
to the valve stem of the new TPMS sensor
eight press down on a sidewall of the
tire in front of their valve stem hole
in the rim and manipulate the sensor
valve stem down and then up into the
hole
holding it there with one hand add the
washer the grommet and thread a hand
tight nine look up the specific type of
car in the TPMS manual and it will give
you the recommended inch pounds to
tighten the grommet of a TPMS sensor
adjust a torque wrench to the
recommended inch pound setting and
tighten the grommet to specification and
lastly inflate the tire as usual to the
recommended pounds per square inch to
know about getting high-quality tire
pressure monitor system
just visit WWE TPMS net
you